feat: spancat (#101)
explosion/spacy-llm: README.md

path = "ner_examples.yml"
```

#### spacy.SpanCat.v1

The built-in SpanCat task is a simple adaptation of the NER task to
support overlapping entities and land its annotations with `doc.spans`.

```ini
[components.llm.task]
@llm_tasks = "spacy.SpanCat.v1"
labels = PERSON,ORGANISATION,LOCATION
examples = null
```

| Argument                  | Type                                    | Default      | Description                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `labels`                  | `str`                                   |              | Comma-separated list of labels.                                                                                                              |

> | `span_key`                | `str`                                   | `"sc"`       | Key of the `Doc.spans` dict to save the spans under.                                                                                         |

Reviewer: I'm not sure where the naming needs to modified, but this should be `spans_key` not `span_key`.

Author: Ooh nice catch

| `examples`                | `Optional[Callable[[], Iterable[Any]]]` | `None`       | Optional function that generates examples for few-shot learning.                                                                             |
| `normalizer`              | `Optional[Callable[[str], str]]`        | `None`       | Function that normalizes the labels as returned by the LLM. If `None`, defaults to `spacy.LowercaseNormalizer.v1`.                           |
| `alignment_mode`          | `str`                                   | `"contract"` | Alignment mode in case the LLM returns entities that do not align with token boundaries. Options are `"strict"`, `"contract"` or `"expand"`. |
| `case_sensitive_matching` | `bool`                                  | `False`      | Whether to search without case sensitivity.                                                                                                  |
| `single_match`            | `bool`                                  | `False`      | Whether to match an entity in the LLM's response only once (the first hit) or multiple times.                                                |

> Except the `span_key` parameter, the SpanCat reuses the configuration from the NER task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Except for the `spans_key` parameter, the SpanCat reuses the configuration from the NER task.
```
